hey everyone welcome back to pokemon
firered and today we're going to take on
this seventh gym later and that is the
fight of gym leader Blaine and I'm going
to put Homer up in front then here is
plain all bold and stuff the red-hot gym
leader in stir it all challenges rude
how you better burn here maybe five full
deals the starboard good for you plain
haha anyways play lease up with Grove
like lon 42 fire type with most I rotate
on entire plan now the only thing you
really should worry about this college
is this fire blast and its ability
intimidate enemies through the fire
blood which is awesome for me but it
wouldn't have done that too at home
right away and then get the freaking
crit don't know if that won't matter
because plane has actually very high
level pokemon in my opinion I was going
to bring in sick Pokemon which is ponyta
level 45 type with my stump bound 5 pin
and fire blood don't try to use any
fight I've moves against the thing
because it has quite flat fire and never
race it's a fight I most and yeah it
goes for fire blast which is the most
one of the most powerful fire type moves
in the game but it also like nothing
tomor because Homer is a beast I mean
you can just look at him and then you
say he's a beast ya know it's going to
bring rapidash and I'm going to bring
out a she and the rapid is 142 filetype
witness Tom thumb's by spin and Fire
Blast it has like 10 SEC team uses it as
a tonita but it's more powerful and
hopefully will not change me know it
doesn't then I'm able to get the surf
off and that does a lot of damage
repaired and is even a one-hit ko also
Marashi awesome you're just an awesome
Pokemon and it's good to bring his name
Pokemon which its original level 47
fight up with most by drawer takedown
and Fire Blast now it all says is that
exact same rules is that
all night but it's a very powerful book
my name you look at that this is a
freaking crit what I still watching koat
eight that's like a bee and surfed of
thought wanna kill ya awesome arashi
awesome and just his whole team
it couldn't do like nothing to my team
and I was under leveled Hilo Arcana
Muslim 47 I burned up to nothing not
even ashes remain you have earned a
volcano bad yeah because I Russia is
awesome okay and you'll receive TM 38
for him from him which is Fire Blast no
don't listen on water-type pokemon and
yeah it wasn't really too hard I think
it's a picture back here playing a mr.
Fuji okay blame mr. Fuji you think they
know each other yeah they have to know
each other but you had they may be
stopped or started at last you know
instant up here in Cinnabar Island but
the yeah i'm just going to get out of
here and talk to the manager or what is
called what its name is ya betta
firebrand and i'll guess i'll see you
guys next time peace out